\input texinfo
@settitle Symex
@setfilename symex.info
@set symex-version 2.0

@copying
This is the documentation for the Symex package for Emacs.

This work is not owned by anyone. Please see the @uref{https://github.com/drym-org/foundation/blob/main/DECLARATION-OF-NON-OWNERSHIP.md, Declaration of Non-Ownership}.
@end copying

@dircategory Emacs
@direntry
* Symex: (symex.info). An intuitive way to structurally edit code.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title Symex
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@node Top
@top Symex - An Intuitive Way to Structurally Edit Code

This manual is for Symex
(version @value{symex-version}).

@menu
* What is Symex?::
* Installation and Use::
* Customizing Symex::
* Moving Around::
* Transforming Code::
* The ``Point Free'' Modal UI::
* The Symex DSL::
* Macros::
* Inside the Mind of the Squirrel::
* Squirrel on a Speedrun - Tips and Tricks::
* Contributing to Symex::
* Keybinding Cheat Sheet::
* Resources::
* Acknowledgements::
* Index::
@end menu

@node What is Symex?
@chapter What is Symex?

@enumerate
@item
A new way of saying ``symbolic expression.''

@item
An intuitive modal interface.

@item
A subjective tree-oriented language.
@end enumerate

@menu
* Symbolic expression? Symex!::
* Symex the DSL::
* The modal interface::
@end menu

@node Symbolic expression? Symex!,Symex the DSL,,What is Symex?
@subsection Symbolic expression? Symex!

Symex is a new and improved way of saying ``symbolic expression.''

@node Symex the DSL,The modal interface,Symbolic expression? Symex!,What is Symex?
@subsection Symex the DSL

The Symex DSL is a cursor-oriented language for describing tree traversals.

@node The modal interface,,Symex the DSL,What is Symex?
@subsection The modal interface

Symex provides a ``point-free'' modal interface.

@node Installation and Use
@chapter Installation and Use

@node Customizing Symex
@chapter Customizing Symex

@node Moving Around
@chapter Moving Around

@node Transforming Code
@chapter Transforming Code

@node The ``Point Free'' Modal UI
@chapter The ``Point Free'' Modal UI

@node The Symex DSL
@chapter The Symex DSL

@node Macros
@chapter Macros

@node Inside the Mind of the Squirrel
@chapter Inside the Mind of the Squirrel

@node Squirrel on a Speedrun - Tips and Tricks
@chapter Squirrel on a Speedrun: Tips and Tricks

@node Contributing to Symex
@chapter Contributing to Symex

@node Keybinding Cheat Sheet
@chapter Keybinding Cheat Sheet

@node Resources
@chapter Resources

@node Acknowledgements
@chapter Acknowledgements

@node Index
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye
